0 min Here we go then. Both sets of players join us on the pitch for the first period. Plenty of hugs in the tunnel,
which is not surprising! International colleagues embrace. Now, however, it is time for allout
war. Barcelona
versus Real Madrid. It is the home side that get the first 45 minutes underway here.
2 min Ronaldo breaks down the left for the away side, but the Real Madrid attacker is chased down by Alves
and the danger is cleared. I have a feeling that the referee could be quite a busy man in this one!
3 min CHANCE! Well, this one hasn't taken long to get going! Iniesta breaks into the Real Madrid box before
crossing towards Suarez, but Isco manages to clear behind for a corner. Iniesta appears to have twisted his
angle here, which would be a real blow for the hosts at this early stage.
4 min Iniesta returns! The resulting corner from Barcelona, meanwhile, came to nothing.
5 min As expected, the home side have taken control of the possession in the opening five minutes. That will be
the pattern this evening. No real surprises in the way that both teams have set up here. You just get the feeling
that the first goal if
there indeed is one could
be absolutely vital.
7 min Real Madrid have attempted to threaten on the counter attack, but Barcelona are in control of proceedings
at the moment. The home side are not really favouring either the left or the right, as they probe down both wings
before the visitors manage to clear. The match is starting to settle here.
8 min Halfchance
for the away side as Bale slides in Benzema, who takes it first time across goal, but his effort
was always moving wide of the post. A sighter, but not much more than that for Los Blancos.
10 min Bale tries to run Alba down the left, but the Spaniard matches the Real Madrid attack for pace and the
danger is cleared. Bale has a bite at Alba, but the referee comes across to settle matters immediately.
12 min The referee is having none of the theatrics at the moment, which is excellent news for the game. Neymar
tumbles outside the Real Madrid box, but the official says no thank you and waves play on. It will be interesting
to see when the first yellow card arrives, because it will arrive be sure of that!
12 min CROSSBAR! Oh my word! Sensational chance for the away side as Benzema lifts a cross into Ronaldo,
who volleys towards the top corner, but his effort smashes the crossbar! So unlucky!
13 min Isco comes close moments later, but his low curling effort also just misses Bravo's post.
14 min Yet another opportunity for Real Madrid as Ramos meets a deep cross from Marcelo, but his header jus
high of the crossbar. Well, three opportunities in quick succession for the visitors there!
16 min Barcelona have enjoyed the possession since Real Madrid came close to scoring, but they have not
threatened themselves since Iniesta made that excellent run in the opening three minutes.
18 min I suspect that Real Madrid boss Ancelotti will be pretty pleased with what he has seen in the opening 18
minutes. Barcelona have shaded the possession, but the visitors have come closest to scoring. Messi has a halfchance
after meeting a cross from Neymar, but his header was always wide of the post.
19 min Both sides are just exchanging jabs at the moment, which is not much of a surprise. One thing is for
certain, the opening 19 minutes have absolutely flown past. Where has that time gone? Incredible.
19 min Barcelona have the chance to threaten from a free kick as Pepe fells Neymar in a wide area...
19 min ... GOAL! Barcelona 10
Real Madrid (Mathieu)
20 min Barcelona break the deadlock with 19 minutes on the clock as Mathieu heads a Messi free kick into the
bottom corner. Super header from the Frenchman! Some time to get your first league goal for the Catalan outfit.
Not sure about some of the defending, but Mathieu wanted it more than anyone else.
21 min Barcelona scoring from set pieces what
has the world come to! This is a real test for Real Madrid now
as the home supporters drive their team forward. The first card could be on its way here.
21 min BOOKING! Pepe (Real Madrid) is booked for kicking out at Suarez.
22 min Neymar fancies this free kick...
23 min ... Messi steps ahead of Neymar to take, but the Argentine's effort is headed behind by Bale.
24 min Halfchance
for the home side as Alba meets a loose ball outside the box, but his effort was always
rising high and wide of the crossbar. It is pretty much oneway
traffic with 24 minutes on the clock.
26 min Ronaldo delivers a wicked cross into the Barcelona box, but Mathieu is on hand to clear ahead of Bale.
The away side continue to force the issue as they pass and probe in the final third, but they are finding it difficult
to break through the Barca rearguard.
Los Blancos will want a quick response here.
27 min Marcelo takes matters into his own hands for Real, but the leftback's
goalbound
effort is blocked. The
pressure continues, however, as Benzema runs Mathieu and wins a corner from the defender.
28 min Nervy moment for Mathieu as the Barca centreback
comes close to heading into his own goal, but it
goes behind for a corner, which the referee cuts short due to pushing inside the box. Super game.
28 min BOOKING! Suarez (Barcelona) is booked for a late challenge on Pepe.
30 min Little over 15 minutes of the first period to play at the Camp Nou and Barca have their onegoal
advantage. A poor pass from Pepe puts Real Madrid in trouble as Barca force a corner, but the danger is cleared
as Real Madrid press forward. It is such an interesting tactical battle at the moment here.
31 min CHANCE! Incredible chance for the home side to score a second as Suarez's misshit
falls to Neymar,
but the Brazilian places straight into the arms of Casillas. What a miss!
31 min GOAL! Barcelona 11
Real Madrid (Ronaldo)
32 min We are all level here as Modric finds Benzema, who produces a backheel
into Ronaldo and the
Portuguese pokes his effort into the bottom corner. Barcelona should have been 20
ahead moments before, but
now the score is 11.
Football ay! Well, this game has certainly delivered thus far!
34 min This one is spicing up now as Neymar clashes with Bale. However, the referee is quickly on the scene to
calm matters, which is really helping the game. Little over 10 minutes of the first period to play.
35 min Modric tries his luck from outside the box, but the midfielder's effort was always moving wide.
37 min Rakitic is a shade fortunate to escape a booking after bringing Pepe to the ground with a strong
challenge. You just get the feeling that Real Madrid are starting to get on top at the Camp Nou.
37 min BOOKING! Ronaldo (Real Madrid) is booked for diving outside the Barca box.
37 min BOOKING! Alba (Barcelona) is booked for dissent.
39 min Super, super tackle from Pique as the Barcelona centreback
comes across to challenge Bale, who had
raced into the box. Great run, but even better tackle from a player that is bang in form right now.
40 min GOAL DISALLOWED! Bale has the ball in the back of the net for Real Madrid, but the flag is raised!
Replays have shown that the Welshman was onside there. Big moment in this game!
41 min UPDATE! Ronaldo was offside when he flicked the ball into Bale and therefore it was the correct
decision. Bale was onside that is for certain. Little under five minutes of the first period to play.
43 min SAVE! Ronaldo strikes a powerful effort towards the top corner, but Bravo is on hand to make a really
good save. Real Madrid fancy a second goal in the latter stages of this half.
44 min CHANCE! Another stunning chance for Real Madrid as the ball falls to Bale inside the Barcelona box,
but his rightfooted
effort is wide of the post. Some chance that for the Welshman!
45 min BOOKING! Ramos (Real Madrid) is booked for a late challenge on Messi.
45 min+1 HALFTIME:
Barcelona 11
Real Madrid
8.48pm So there we have it. The referee brings the first period to a close with the scores level at 11.
Barcelona
took the lead after 19 minutes through Mathieu, but Ronaldo levelled for the visitors after 31 minutes. Since then,
Real Madrid have had a couple of excellent chances, but it remains all square.
8.53pm STATS! Barcelona have just shaded the possession with 55%, while they have had seven attempts two
of which have been on target. Real Madrid, meanwhile, have hit the target with two of their nine attempts.
The card count currently stands at five two
for Barca and three for Real Madrid.
8.58pm BENCH WATCH! Should Barcelona boss Luis Enrique wish to alter proceedings, he has options from
the bench in the shape of Rafinha, Pedro and Xavi. Real Madrid, meanwhile, have the likes of Javier Hernandez,
Jese Rodriguez and Lucas Silva in reserve. Will there be any changes at the break?
46 min Here we go then. Both sets of players join us on the pitch for the second 45 minutes. More of the same
from the first please, it was excellent. Real Madrid resume the action at the Camp Nou.
47 min No changes from either side at the break, which is not too much of a surprise. However, I suspect that
alterations will occur if the score remains 11
for the next 15, 20 minutes in Barcelona.
48 min BOOKING! Carvajal (Real Madrid) is booked for bringing Neymar to the ground.
49 min CHANCE! The resulting free kick is delivered by Messi, but Ramos is on the scene to head clear. Real
Madrid break down the other end with Benzema, who finds Marcelo before regaining the ball, but the
Frenchman's effort is saved by Bravo. What a counter attack from the visitors there!
51 min Real Madrid are in control of this match at the moment as they continue to pass and probe in the final
third, but Pique just manages to poke clear ahead of Ronaldo. Barcelona attempt to break down the other end in
a twoonone
situation, but Pepe comes across to clear ahead of Neymar.
52 min BOOKING! Modric (Real Madrid) is booked for chopping Messi to the ground.
53 min Messi delivers the resulting free kick towards Pique, but Ramos is on hand to head clear.
55 min Barcelona have just managed to regain a foothold in the match over the last couple of minutes, but there
is no question that Real Madrid have been the better team this evening. Still 11
in Barcelona.
56 min GOAL! Barcelona 21
Real Madrid (Suarez)
57 min It is against the run of play, but Barcelona regain the lead after 56 minutes as Suarez collects a super
pass from Alves before finding the bottom corner. Brilliant finish from the Uruguay forward there!
58 min Can Real Madrid respond again here? They are being made to regret some missed chances.
58 min Halfchance
for the away side as Ronaldo and Ramos both jump for the same ball from a corner, but
Ronaldo's header was always over the crossbar. Little over 30 minutes of football remaining here.
60 min Messi attempts to slide a pass into Neymar, who had the legs on Carvajal, but Casillas is out to claim.
Real Madrid are just a little sloppy at the moment as they continue to concede possession.
61 min BOOKING! Mascherano (Barcelona) is booked for a late challenge on Ronaldo.
62 min Barcelona want Ronaldo to be sent off after he tugs the ear of Mascherano, but the referee is not
interested. Not sure about the reaction from Mascherano there! It was comical! Game on here.
64 min BOOKING! This is all getting a little silly at the moment as both sets of players crowd the referee every
time a challenge is made. Isco (Real Madrid) is booked for a late challenge on Rakitic.
66 min BOOKING! Iniesta (Barcelona) dives into a late challenge with Carvajal as this match continues to hot
up. Is there going to be a red card? The referee might not have a choice!
68 min This game is incredibly bitty at the moment as both teams continue to fly into late challenges. Neymar
wants a free kick after going down under pressure from Carvajal, but the referee is not interested. That would
have been a red for the Real Madrid rightback.
Tempo has been raised!
68 min CHANCE! Barcelona come close to a third as Neymar dances into the final third before attempting to
place one into the top corner, but his effort clears the crossbar. Great run there.
70 min Real Madrid gain a free kick some 45 yards from goal, but instead of shooting, Ronaldo lifts a cross into
Ramos, who cannot make contact under pressure. Little over 20 minutes of football remaining at the Camp Nou
and as it stands, Barcelona are moving four points clear at the top of the table.
72 min BOOKING! Neymar has another halfchance
after breaking into the final third, but his goalbound
effort
is blocked. Moments later, Alves (Barcelona) is booked for a foul on Isco.
73 min Barcelona have just slowed the game down in the last couple of minutes, which is not too much of a
surprise at this stage of proceedings. Real Madrid are preparing to make their first change here.
73 min SUB! Raphael Varane replaces Pepe at centreback
for the visitors.
74 min CLOSE! Messi comes close to scoring a third for the home side after curling one from outside the box,
but his effort just misses the post. It looked to be finding the top corner there!
74 min CHANCE! Another wonderful chance for the home side as Messi sets up Neymar inside the box, but the
Brazilian fires wide of the near post. It has not been the Brazilian's night thus far!
76 min SUB! Barca make their first change as Sergio Busquets replaces Rakitic.
78 min Little over 10 minutes of football remaining at the Camp Nou and in truth, Real Madrid do not really look
like scoring at the moment. Barcelona are in control, but at 21,
there is always a chance.
79 min SAVE! Real Madrid come close to levelling as Benzema's strike hits Mascherano and Pique before
angling towards the bottom corner, but Bravo is across to make a really good save.
80 min SUB! Barca make their second change as Xavi replaces Iniesta.
80 min SUB! Real Madrid also make their second change as Jese replaces Isco.
82 min Both managers have one permitted change remaining with little under 10 minutes of football to play at
the Camp Nou. The visitors have just started to pass and probe in the final third once again.
84 min Ronaldo comes close to collecting a long ball from Ramos, but Bravo is out to claim as the clock
continues to tick on in Barcelona. You just get the feeling that something is going to happen late on.
85 min Halfchance
for the home side as Suarez dances into the box before flashing one across goal, but it was
always moving wide of the post. Barcelona are preparing to make their final change here.
85 min SUB! Barca's final change is Rafinha for Neymar.
86 min CHANCE! Incredible chance for Barcelona to score a third as Messi slides a wonderful ball into Alba,
who pokes one towards the bottom corner, but Casillas makes a fine save.
87 min Suarez lashes over the crossbar as we approach the final moments here.
88 min SAVE! Casillas to the rescue once more as Messi is denied by the Spaniard!
88 min SUB! Real Madrid make their third change as Lucas Silva replaces Modric.
89 min Decent pressure from the away side in the last couple of minutes, but Barca continue to clear.
90 min+1 The fourth official indicates that we will play an additional three minutes at the Camp Nou.
90 min+2 Is there time for one more Real Madrid chance? Barcelona continue to clear their lines and they have
plenty of players back. The home side are heading four points clear at the top of the table.
90 min+3 Barcelona have the chance to score a third on the counter, but Suarez cannot slide a pass into
Rafinha, who had taken up a good position. Not long remaining as we approach fulltime
here.
90 min+4 FULLTIME:
Barcelona 21
Real Madrid
9.52pm So there we have it. The referee brings the second period to a close with Barcelona running out 21
winners courtesy of goals from Mathieu and Suarez. They are four points clear at the top now.
9.53pm Thanks for joining Sports Mole for another night of wonderful Spanish action. It is not decisive in the
race for the title, but Barcelona have won the battle this evening. Until next time!
